content/302.md, before:

The HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP) 302 Found redirect
status response code indicates that the resource requested has been temporarily moved to
the URL given by the Location header. A browser redirects to this page
but search engines don't update their links to the resource (in 'SEO-speak', it is said
that the 'link-juice' is not sent to the new URL).

Even if the specification requires the method (and the body) not to be altered when the
redirection is performed, not all user-agents conform here - you can still find this
type of bugged software out there. It is therefore recommended to set the
302 code only as a response for GET or
HEAD methods and to use 307 Temporary
Redirect instead, as the method change is explicitly prohibited in that case.

In the cases where you want the method used to be changed to GET, use
303 See Other instead. This is useful when you want to give a
response to a PUT method that is not the uploaded resource but a
confirmation message such as: 'you successfully uploaded XYZ'.

Commit message:

feat: add status description content for all statuses

content/302.md, after:

## Description

The HTTP `302 Found` redirect
status response code indicates that the resource requested has been temporarily moved to
the URL given by the `Location` header. A browser redirects to this page
but search engines don't update their links to the resource (in 'SEO-speak', it is said
that the 'link-juice' is not sent to the new URL).

Even if the specification requires the method (and the body) not to be altered when the
redirection is performed, not all user-agents conform here - you can still find this
type of bugged software out there. It is therefore recommended to set the
`302` code only as a response for `GET` or
`HEAD` methods and to use `307 Temporary Redirect` instead, as the method change
is explicitly prohibited in that case.

In the cases where you want the method used to be changed to `GET`, use
`303 See Other` instead. This is useful when you want to give a
response to a `PUT` method that is not the uploaded resource but a
confirmation message such as: 'you successfully uploaded XYZ'.

### See Also

- [Spec](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc9110.html#status.302)
- [307 Temporary Redirect](https://http.cat/status/307)
- [301 Moved Permanently](https://http.cat/status/301)
- [303 See Other](https://http.cat/status/303)

**Source:** [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/302](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/302)
