content/530.md, before:

## Description

<aside class="warning"><strong>Unofficial:</strong> This HTTP status code is not specified by any RFC.</aside>

The HTTP response status code `530 Site Frozen` is an unofficial HTTP status code. This status code is used by some hosting providers to signal that the website being accessed is temporarily unavailable due to administrative reasons. 

A `530 Site Frozen` response might occur due to several reasons:

- `Maintenance`: The website might be undergoing scheduled maintenance or updates.
- `Resource Overuse`: If the website has exceeded its allocated resources, it could be frozen to prevent further overuse.
- `Administrative Decision`: The site may be frozen due to a decision made by the website's administrators, such as non-payment, violation of terms of service, or other policy issues.

### See Also

- [Spec](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7231.html#status.5xx)
- [HTTP request methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods)
- [BelugaCDN HTTP Response Codes](https://www.belugacdn.com/http-response-codes/)

Commit message:

add cloudflare and pantheon info

content/530.md, after:

## Description

<aside class="warning"><strong>Unofficial:</strong> This HTTP status code is not specified by any RFC.</aside><br>

The HTTP response status code `530 Site Frozen` is an unofficial HTTP status code that is specific to Cloudflare and Pantheon.

#### Cloudflare

Cloudflare uses the `530` status code when an issue occurs between a user and a website server. Accompanied by a more detailed HTTP status code 1XXX, the error is dependent on the specific situation.

#### Pantheon

Pantheon returns the `530 Site Frozen` status code when an inactive Sandbox Site denies HTTP requests. This can be resolved by reactivating the site in the Pantheon User Dashboard.

### See Also
- [Spec](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7231.html#status.5xx)
- [HTTP request methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods)
- [Cloudflare HTTP Status Codes](https://developers.cloudflare.com/support/troubleshooting/http-status-codes/http-status-codes/)
- [Pantheon documentation](https://pantheon.io/docs)
- [http.dev](https://http.dev/530)
